# DALLE 2 Bot Speak

Large Lanaguage Model (LLM) art bots like DALL-E use text prompts to create concept art. However to effectively use these tools one needs to know which keywords and control parameters to effectively tell the AI what they want.  In this project we experiment with controlling the subject, artist style, genre style, drawing materials, perspective, format and vibe of art generated by DALL-E.

Subject


Artist

Style

Perspective

Zoom in/out with the scale parameter

*Can one use parameters to zoom in or out when generating a Dalle image from text?*   


Yes, it is possible to use parameters to adjust the zoom level of a DALL-E image when generating it from text.

DALL-E is a neural network model that uses text as input to generate images, and it supports a range of different parameters that can be adjusted to control various aspects of the generated image. One of these parameters is the scale, which controls the size of the objects in the image relative to the input text.

By adjusting the scale parameter, you can effectively zoom in or out on the image that is generated from the input text. Increasing the scale will make the objects in the image appear larger and closer, effectively zooming in on the image, while decreasing the scale will make the objects appear smaller and further away, effectively zooming out on the image.

It's worth noting that adjusting the scale parameter can also impact the overall composition and style of the image, so you may need to experiment with different values to find the right balance between the desired zoom level and the overall appearance of the generated image.

Sure, here's an example of how you can adjust the scale parameter when using DALL-E to generate an image from text:

Let's say you want to generate an image of a small red apple using DALL-E. You can provide the following prompt:

```python
"small red apple" with scale=2
```


In this prompt, "small red apple" is the text input that describes the image you want to generate, and scale=2 is the parameter that sets the scale of the objects in the image to 2.   

This means that the apple in the generated image will be twice as large as it would be if the scale parameter were set to its default value of 1. This effectively zooms in on the apple and makes it appear closer to the viewer.    

You can also adjust the scale parameter to a value less than 1 to zoom out on the image. For example:    

```python
"small red apple" with scale=0.5
```

In this prompt, the apple in the generated image would be half the size it would be with the default scale parameter. This effectively zooms out on the image and makes the apple appear smaller and further away from the viewer.   

It's worth noting that the exact behavior of the scale parameter may depend on the specific implementation of DALL-E that you are using, and the scale values that work best for your application may require some experimentation and tuning.    


Format




